feat(mc-script): show diff on CLI when updating custom app using config-sync (#2535)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/little-papayas-attend.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/mc-scripts': minor
---

> As a follow-up to implementing the config-sync command, a diff is displayed to show users the difference between config on the merchant center and config available locally before an update is made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `config:sync` command now shows the diff changes before updating an existing Custom Application config.
```
